Changes in BB version 2014.10-1

   o	Added optional lower and upper for projectLinear when called from spg.

   o	Changed handling of lower and upper in spg(), BBoptim(), and
   	multiStart() so they must be specified in those arguments and 
	not as part of projectArgs.

   o	Changed the order of spg() arguments so that lower and upper are 
   	more distinct from project, and projectArgs is more closely 
	associated with it. Corresponding changes also in BBoptim() 
	and multiStart().

   o	Fixed expansion of scalar upper and lower, which did not happen in 
   	some cases. 

   o	Allowed for the possibility that argument project in spg() could be a
   	function as well as a character string. 

   o	Changed sane and dfsane internal usage of do.call() to use a
   	function rather than a character string. 

   o	Added argument alertConvergence to spg(), sane() and dfsane() and
   	default to issue a warning if convergence is not obtained.

   o	Added files in inst/slowTests.

   o	Reverted back to solve.QP from quadprog because of some failures in the 
   	special version added in 2014.1-1.

   o	Changed conditional require() in some functions to requireNamespace().

   o	Removed unused geval from spg() and documented that geval is equal 
   	to iter.

   o	Fixed NAMESPACE to import optim from stats.

   o	Adjusted BB vignette text regarding a dfsane() failure and revised
   	commentary on multiStart results.

Changes in BB version 2014.1-1

   o	Added a special version of solve.QP and removed quadprog from Imports.

Changes in BB version 2013.11-1

   o	Changed quadprog from Depends to Imports.

Changes in BB version 2013.5-1

   o	Removed contact email addresses from BB-package.Rd (which were 
   	outdated) and other information in that file that duplicated
	the DESCRIPTION file.

Changes in BB version 2013.4-1

   o	Further adjustment to DESCRIPTION and moved LICENSE to LICENSE.note
   	file, after discussions about appropriate place for statements,
	and added additional clarification of various roles.

   o	Changed checkGrad default in spg skip the check if, based on the first 
	function evaluation, it is estimated to take more than ten seconds.

Changes in BB version 2012.12-1

   o	Added  ByteCompile: yes in DESCRIPTION file.

Changes in BB version 2012.8-1

   o	Added a control argument named `checkGrad' to the functions `spg' 
   	and `BBoptim'.  This defaults to TRUE, which means that the 
	user-specified gradient will be checked against numerical gradient.
	It should be set to FALSE for high-dimensional problems, after 
	ensuring that the analytic gradient is correctly specified.

Changes in BB version 2012.3-1

   o	fixed use of break in a non-loop context in sane and dfsane.

Changes in BB version 2011.12-1

   o	Set trace=TRUE as default in BBoptim.

   o	Included project and projectArgs as arguments in multiStart.

Changes in BB version 2011.11-1

   o	updated maintainer email address.

   o	Relaxed the tolerance of tests/multiStartHDP because of variance in
   	the results on different platforms.

Changes in BB version 2011.8-1 

   o	Fixed passing of user specified noimp from BBsolve to dfsane. The default
   	value of noimp in BBsolve is now 100, as in dfsane, as had been
	documented (but was actually min(100, 5*cpars[2])). 

Changes in BB version 2011.2-1 

   o	Added an additional stopping criterion.  Now, the iterations
    	are stopped when function value does not change by more 		    	than `ftol' between successive iterations. Default is ftol = 1.e-14.
	Some tolerances in tests/ needed to be slightly relaxed. 

Changes in BB version 2010.7-1 
	   
   o	Added function projectLinear, and adjusted spg arguments
   	to facilitate this by adding projectArgs. Arguments lower and upper for
	spg provide a simplified way to specify these elements of the projectArgs
	list for box constraints. Also, the value of the spg argument project 
	must now be indicated as a character string.

   o	Corresponding changes for projectArgs were made to BBoptim.

   o	Added projection examples.

   o	Added fix to spg for some cases when the best value does not get 
   	properly returned.

   o	Added fix to BBoptim to indicate error in case were all calls to spg 	
   	failed (but were caught by try and ignored).

   o	Fix sign of printed value (trace=TRUE) on initial iteration of spg 
   	maximization problem.

Changes in BB version 2010.5-1 
	   
   o	Changed BBsolve to avoid using Nelder-Mead in one dimensional problems
	(because the warning message is confusing).

   o	Adjusted test tolerances for 64 bit Windows platform.

Changes in BB version 2010.4-1 
	   
   o	Added argument quiet=FALSE to several functions, to be able to suppress
	warnings and some output.
	   
   o	Added a test of spg for the case when optimum values are supplied as 
	initial values (thanks to John Nash).
	   
   o	Fixed a bug in spg when optimum values are supplied as initial values.

   o	Standardized NEWS format for new function news().

Changes in BB version 2009.9-1 
	   
   o	Added BBvignetteJSS of JSS paper, and small related changes, including
	license to GPL-2 or greater.
  
   o	Relaxed multiStartHDP.R test for CRAN Mac testing platform.

   o	Added Fleishman example to the vignette tutorial.

  
Changes in BB version 2009.06-2 
  
   o	Added try() wrapper in BBoptim and BBsolve calls from multiStart().  


Changes in BB version 2009.06-1 
  
   o	Added function multiStart to start BBoptim or BBsolve from multiple
	initial points.  

   o	Added BBoptim wrapper function. The wrapper functions BBoptim and 
 	BBsolve are the preferred user interface.  

   o	Added checks in sane() and dfsane() for an objective function returning 
	a non-vector result.  
  
   o	Added a check to spg() that a user supplied gradient gives a result close
 	to grad from numDeriv (which means numDeriv is now required).  

   o	Added check in spg() for an objective function returning a non-scalar 
 	result, with an automatic fix if the result is length 1.  

   o	In nlsolve demo nsim was reduced from 100 to 20 and in nlmin demo the 
 	optim examples were commented out because of testing time 
	constraints on CRAN.
 
   o	Added BBsolve wrapper function.  

   o	Minor documentation fixes found by the new parser in R-devel.


Changes in BB version 2008.11-1
  
   o	"eps" decreased to 1.e-10 (from 1.e-08) in sane, to be consistent 
	with "eps" for dfsane.

   o	Nelder-Mead start option for poor starting values in sane and dfsane.

   o	Steplength for first iteration was re-scaled in sane and dfsane.

   o	Retard scheme is introduced close to solution in sane and dfsane.

   o	A new stopping criterion "noimp" is introduced (flag=4 in sane, 
	flag=3 in dfsane).

   o	"optim" can be invoked using "L-BFGS-B" when "sane" is unsuccessful 
	(type = 4 or 5) by setting BFGS of the control list in the 
	sane arguments.

   o	"optim" can be invoked using "L-BFGS-B" when "dfsane" is unsuccessful 
	(type = 2 or 5) by setting BFGS of the control list in the 
	dfsane arguments.
 
   o	"pbest" and "normF.best are now returned from sane and dfsane.


Changes in BB version 2008.8-1
  
   o	fixed bug in sane and spg (previously fixed in dfsane) when tol is 
	already ok initially and while loop is skipped, so flag in result is 
	not set. Also added a warning message when this happens.


Changes in BB version 2008.7-1
  
   o	fixed bug in dfsane when tol is already ok initially and while loop is
	skipped, so flag in result is not set.

Changes in BB version 2008.5-1
  
   o	fixed a references that was inaccurate and added web links to others.

   o	fixed bug when maximizing a function with analytic gradient supplied, 
	and add a test of this.

   o	changed the title (as appears on CRAN) to be more descriptive.


Changes in BB version 2008.4-1

   o	first release 
